We're almost done fixing bugs.
Our recipe Service is now working as expected if we switch back and forth to spaghetti aren't there.
But now if we go back to recipe editor component does delete button does X year.
It's not working.
First of all it's even submitting our form and we definitely don't want that.
So we should set the type 2 button.
Then also add a click listener and say on delete ingredient and here of course I should pass the information
of which ingredient should get deleted.
So I should pass the index which is simply the index of the control we want to remove with Dad we can
implement the on the lead ingredient method in our typescript file here.
And I know that I will receive the index here number.
Now with that I can get access to my recipe for him to call to get Meffert and get access to my ingredients
which I know is a form erase all let's cast it as we did earlier to.
And now we can call the remove at Mefford and pass the index to remove a specific form control the one
at the position we want to delete.
Now with that in place we can save this.
And now if we open a recipe and edit it and remove this.
Now you see it indeed removes the ingredient.
So now we updated the recipe and therefore we only sent the french fries to the shopping list.
And again the other box we had before is fixed our recipes survive.
Now to clean this up there is one thing I forgot to do earlier in the recipe list component where we
subscribe to our recipes change event here.
Well we should unsubscribe and if the component gets destroyed.
So let's implement on destroy and import this from an angle or core and then I will add energy on the
stroy here.
And I want to store the subscription in a property named subscription of type subscription which needs
to be imported from our ex-chief as subscription.
And then I can store it by signing it as a value here in on in it to subscription is a signed and an
on the stroy that I can now unsubscribe again to make sure I don't cause any memory leaks here.
So with that with all these back fixes we added our app is looking great.
It should work fine now.
We can add new recipes here.
We can edit existing ones we can remove the ingredients there and add new ingredients if we want of
course we can then use them and send them to the shopping list.
They are we can delete them we can add new items or decide our wise and clear to form our forums are
working great here and use quite a lot of useful tools you may use in your next application which are
great to enhance it and to offer a great user experience.
With that let's move on to the next course section